Update scenes_and_nodes.rst (#2471)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/step_by_step/scenes_and_nodes.rst

Success!

> (Note: if this doesn't immdiately work and you have a high-DPI display on at least one of your monitors, go to Project -> Project Settings -> Display -> Window then tick "Allow Hidpi" under Dpi!)

Reviewer: I suggest rewriting it as a note with better formatting:

```suggestion
.. note::

    If this doesn't immediately work and you have a hiDPI display on
    at least one of your monitors, go to
    **Project → Project Settings → Display → Window** then enable
    **Allow Hidpi**.
```
